Enough of the talking let's dive into learning more about custom elements for now.
So about the core part of web components and let's write some code.
First of all it's important to differentiate that for custom elements.
We actually got two different ways of creating them.
For one you can create so-called autonomous elements.
These are basically your own custom elements that don't depend on anything that are totally independent
of existing age HTML elements that are built into the browser.
Alternatively you can also create your own custom elements by extending built in elements though like
extending the built in button word build in paragraph and dad also can be a way of creating custom elements
in this course will mostly build autonomous elements but actually will show you both ways of creating
your own custom elements your own web components and it will use to name custom element at web component
interchangeably here.
So you can build custom H2 alt tax in both ways and I will show you both ways and both are fine to use
depending on what you're building.
Often you want to have your totally separate custom element though.
So this autonomous way is probably the more common way.
But how do you build your own web components in that way then for that.
I created a new folder anywhere on your computer you can create it.
It's totally empty as you can tell.
And I'll open it or I open it with visuals to you code.
Now in here I did one important thing.
If you had control shift P or on Mac command shift P you'll open this command menu here and here.
If you type theme then you'll find this preference preferences color feeds option and there.
I switched to dark plus which is the theme which because we just started.
Look you can of course all use our themes here and I'd add one other thing.
If you go into these extensions part by clicking on view extensions here there if you search for material
icon you'll find that material icon theme which I also installed this is totally optional.
It just changes some of my file icons.
Once we start adding files to the project.
So if you want to get that same file I can look I have you have to install and enabled that material.
I can theme thereafter you can go back to your explorer view here.
OK.
So this is now the view in which will work.
And there I will add two files.
The first one is an index H outfall.
Theoretically you can name it anything you want.
And this will be the dummy page we use for hosting and running our own custom elements there.
I'll just type h t email and now in visual pseudocode I get this all a completion where I can pick that
H Tim l five template and if I now hit enter I get a basic h t mail five skeleton a year out of the
box I'll give it a title of web components and now here in the body we can start playing around with
our own web components the code for the web components will be written in a different file and here
I will add a tooltip Todd Charles file because I want to start by writing a tooltip component.
So this is now the file where I will write the code the javascript code to create my own custom element
and therefore I will add one more thing here in the Unix H to mail file I'll add a script tag and the
head section where I simply import that tooltip at tooltip J as fall and thereafter this will automatically
run any code we add in that tooltip file and we will add some code here to define our own custom element
and that is exactly what we do in the next lecture.